c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KndoGrid1\KndoGrid1\bin\KndoGrid1.dll.config
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KndoGrid1\KndoGrid1\bin\KndoGrid1.dll
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KndoGrid1\KndoGrid1\bin\KndoGrid1.pdb
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KndoGrid1\KndoGrid1\bin\ServiceStack.Client.dll
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KndoGrid1\KndoGrid1\bin\ServiceStack.Common.dll
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KndoGrid1\KndoGrid1\bin\ServiceStack.dll
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KndoGrid1\KndoGrid1\bin\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KndoGrid1\KndoGrid1\bin\ServiceStack.OrmLite.dll
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KndoGrid1\KndoGrid1\bin\ServiceStack.Razor.dll
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KndoGrid1\KndoGrid1\bin\ServiceStack.Text.dll
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KndoGrid1\KndoGrid1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KndoGrid1\KndoGrid1\bin\ServiceStack.xml
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KndoGrid1\KndoGrid1\bin\ServiceStack.Client.xml
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KndoGrid1\KndoGrid1\bin\ServiceStack.Common.xml
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KndoGrid1\KndoGrid1\bin\ServiceStack.Razor.xml
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KndoGrid1\KndoGrid1\bin\ServiceStack.Text.xml
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KndoGrid1\KndoGrid1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KndoGrid1\KndoGrid1\obj\Debug\KndoGrid1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KndoGrid1\KndoGrid1\obj\Debug\KndoGrid1.dll
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KndoGrid1\KndoGrid1\obj\Debug\KndoGrid1.pdb
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KndoGrid1\KndoGrid1\bin\ServiceStack.OrmLite.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KndoGrid1\KndoGrid1\bin\ServiceStack.Redis.dll
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KndoGrid1\KndoGrid1\bin\ServiceStack.Server.dll
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KndoGrid1\KndoGrid1\bin\ServiceStack.Redis.xml
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KndoGrid1\KndoGrid1\bin\System.Linq.Dynamic.dll
